Moderator: Okay. So I have started recording just to confirm, are you comfortable? If I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P3: I am comfortable.
Moderator: Okay? And are you comfortable? If we decided to use a video clip from our discussion today to share with other Va partners? If we removed any information that could be used to identify you.
Moderator: Okay, thank you.
Moderator: Our other observers here. So I'm gonna let Lois in.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Hi Lois, please feel free to come on screen and introduce yourself to Leela before we get started.
Observer: Hi, thank you so much for joining us today. Really appreciate your feedback.
P3: You're welcome. Thank you.
Moderator: Thanks, Lois.
Moderator: Alright, Leela. So before we take a look at that forum I was talking about together.
Moderator: I have a few questions for you about the caregiver application experience. So
Moderator: is it accurate that you are part of the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers.
P3: Yes.
Moderator: That's what I have in my records. Okay.
Moderator: great
Moderator: And let me see how long ago it says you applied.
Moderator: Nope.
Moderator: is it accurate that you enrolled over 2 years ago.
P3: Yes.
Moderator: Okay. And how? How about how long ago was it? Do you know.
P3: I wanna say it was about 2,000.
P3: I want to say so. It may have been about 4 years.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: We have been 19 between 19 and 2,02020, I mean.
Moderator: Okay, it's like 2,000.
P3: I'm sorry.
P3: 2020.
Moderator: That's okay. Okay, Gotcha. If you were to explain the caregiver program to someone who was interested in enrolling, how would you explain it?
P3: I would explain to them. Well, 1st of all, I'd ask them if they
P3: were a caregiver of a military veteran.
P3: If they were I'd ask them
P3: without being too personal. What was the percentage? Or you know, I'm not sure if if it's some of them are rated, based on what the percentage is.
P3: but ask them if they were aware that we had a caregivers program.
P3: and if they were not, then I would get them in contact with my contact people through the Va.
P3: So.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: and.
P3: And just explain to them how it's kind of explain to them what it offers and the help that they could receive for the veteran. They wouldn't be left out alone to try to care for the needs of the veteran, but it would be very helpful for them to use the program to to help them process through it as well.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: thank you.
Moderator: Are you familiar with the concept of a primary or secondary caregiver?
P3: Yes.
Moderator: Okay? And do you know which one that you are enrolled as.
P3: Primary. I believe.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: and then do you remember how you completed the caregiver form? Was that in person or at a facility or online.
P3: I believe I did it online because I think it was around Covid time. And so I'm all sure I did it online communicated back and forth online.
P3: and then spoke with someone over the phone.
Moderator: Okay. Do you know who that was? Like? What role type of role.
P3: I think her name is Michelle Thompson.
Moderator: And it was a Va. Employee.
P3: Ma'am.
Moderator: Was that a Va. Employee.
P3: Yes, yes, was a Va. Employee over at the Michael E. Debakey in Houston.
Moderator: Okay, gotcha.
Moderator: What did you do in preparation for completing that online form?
P3: Explain?
P3: Can you explain?
Moderator: So before you got to the form like, what had you done to that point? To look for information or contact people to find out what you needed to do.
P3: Oh, okay, I just went online. And you know.
P3: put in caregivers program for Va, and just kind of did a little research online. And then it kind of helped to guide me who I needed to be in contact with.
Moderator: Okay, gotcha. Do you remember? If that was on va.gov, or outside websites.
P3: It was va.gov.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: gotcha did you complete those Va that Va form and any other forms that you needed to fill out to apply as a caregiver on your own? Or did you have help from
Moderator: someone else like an accredited representative, or a Vso, or another source.
P3: No, I did it on my own.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: is there anything else that you'd like to share about your experience with applying for the caregiver program, good or bad.
P3: Hmm!
P3: It was a. It was a smooth transition. It wasn't, you know. I was able to understand. And all the information
P3: that was needed, and the
P3: contact person that was there. If I had any questions, it was. It was a simple enough to contact them and get whatever necessary information that I needed. So it I I don't have anything negative about it. It was. It was a pretty smooth transition.
P3: Okay.
Moderator: Alright. Thank you.
Moderator: In the Zoom chat. I'm going to share the link to that form. And this is in our testing website. So.
Moderator: let me know if you need any help finding the Zoom chat and getting to that link.
P3: I got it. Do you want me to open the link.
Moderator: Yeah, you can open the link. Put it in a window, or wherever you are comfortable, sharing your screen with me.
P3: Okay.
Moderator: And then I'll have you share your screen and zoom when you're ready, and you have that pulled up.
P3: Thanks.
P3: Let me
P3: make this one a little bit smaller, so I can see it.
P3: Guess I had too much stuff open this morning.
Moderator: Busy, busy.
P3: Okay, there, we go.
P3: Okay, got it.
Moderator: Okay. So now I'd like you to share your screen with me in zoom, it's the green button on the bottom. It should say, Share.
P3: let's see, the caregiver. Application
P3: is that it.
Moderator: Yeah. Should be.
Moderator: yes, okay, perfect.
P3: Time, doing that.
Moderator: Oh, nice! That doesn't usually go so smoothly the 1st time.
Moderator: Okay, so I'd like you to kind of review through this page as you would if you were going to apply and tell me about your initial thoughts and expectations of this form before going forward and applying.
P3: Now, one thing I did
P3: question was, I didn't understand the 2 different types of programs because you have
P3: the paid side, and you have the non paid side, which I believe is the general, is the basic.
P3: which is what I'm a part of.
P3: But I I try. I was trying to apply for the stipend side.
P3: And so
P3: When I was denied I was very, you know, kind of confused about that. I didn't understand that.
P3: and so I guess. The
P3: only thing that I could say about
P3: when you're applying, I guess, is trying to get the understanding. Okay, exactly what it is that I'm applying for.
P3: and the the understanding that there needs to be something said that there's actually 2 sides to this
P3: program.
P3: And so if you go in blind like me, I'm thinking. Oh, I'm applying for the stipend side, and
P3: you know, once it's once it was denied I was. You know I didn't. I thought I was kicked out of the program until they reached back out to me
P3: and kind of explained it to me. And then then I understood. Okay. Then I became part of the general because I wasn't.
P3: I wasn't sure what that was. So that was the only thing going in that I
P3: I guess that there was some confusion.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: So if you looked at this page, would you think you were applying for a stipend side or not? Non stipend.
P3: That's what I thought. Yes.
Moderator: The stipend.
P3: Let me see.
P3: see cause it just says
P3: assistance for family caregivers. So
P3: I would
P3: assume that I was applying for a stipend.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Gotcha, is anything on this page standing out to you as being confusing or particularly helpful?
P3: Nothing looks confusing because they've they've got plenty of phone numbers here. So you've got
P3: you've got contacts. So if you have a question.
P3: you can reach out. There's there's quite a bit of needing help information there. So
P3: I believe it's it's
P3: It's it's well put together. If you had questions you could ask.
P3: so I think it looks good.
Moderator: Okay, if you were to rate this scale on or this page on a scale of one to 5,
Moderator: one being bad, 5 being best. How prepared and informed do you feel about the application you're about to begin based on this pages? Content one to 5.
P3: I I would go ahead and give it a 5, because I'm looking at the number one where it says your eligibility. So if I go click on that it's gonna automatically tell me
P3: what I'm eligible for. It should be able to tell me if it's
P3: if it's general I'm hoping if it's general, or if I'm eligible for stipend.
P3: so that right there is is the beginning, and then you just go from there. So I I would say, it's
P3: it's well put together.
P3: Yeah, it's 5.
Moderator: Alright! I'd like you to start the form as if you're applying for the program next.
P3: So start the application.
Moderator: Yep.
P3: Okay.
P3: there, we go.
Moderator: Okay, so you can just kind of go through the form and fill things out. And just as a reminder, this is a testing site. So you do not have to worry about any of the information you enter today. Going anywhere. You can use real or fake information. I am going to give you a fake social security number when we get to that step
Moderator: and fake anything you don't want to share.
P3: Copy.
Moderator: As you're going through the form. Just please think aloud as much as possible. We want to hear about any reactions that you're having.
P3: Okay.
P3: okay, everything looks good so far.
P3: So you'll put in the social security. But everything looks good there. Name.
P3: his social date of birth and mail
P3: you hit continue.
P3: Okay.
P3: Id is the same
P3: as is social. So they skipped that. So we'll have to go from there.
Moderator: This one I can give you a number to put in. Do 3, 2, 1.
Moderator: 4, 5, 6.
P3: Okay.
Moderator: 7, 8, 9.
P3: That works.
Moderator: Like a fake valid
Moderator: that we can use.
P3: Okay.
Moderator: Bye.
P3: Got the no po box, so go to the address.
Moderator: Could you tell me why you're pausing on this one.
P3: Well, I'm looking. It says, why we ask for this information.
P3: and I used to just plop it down and say, providing the country where the veteran lives helps determine the caregiver support team.
P3: I wouldn't think that it was in another country, but I guess that makes sense.
P3: So that's why I pause. I was like, well.
P3: I live in the U.S.A. You know.
P3: is that you know I'll I'll
P3: so no, that made sense.
P3: Well, it turned red.
Moderator: Yeah. Why do you think it did that.
P3: Let me see.
P3: Oh, because it's not a country. It's a county.
Moderator: It is not you. We've been having a lot of problems with that.
Moderator: So this is just proof that it.
P3: Yes.
Moderator: Be changed.
P3: Yes. Well, that makes sense, because you know, they may have special. Well, every county has something different. I live in Brazoria County. Harris County has something else. Angleton County, somebody else has something else. So they want to put them with
P3: someone that's closer to where they are. So that makes sense.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: And I would have figured that out. When you know you look at a lot of applications and county and country and
P3: okay, they wanted street address. I thought I did that up there.
P3: Oh, because it's online, too.
P3: Let's just take that off of there and put it on line one.
P3: Okay, there we go.
P3: which that's that's it's telling you what
P3: it needs you to fix. So that makes sense. So it's
P3: I guess it's picking up any errors. So not to slow down the process of this application. Because if you put something in wrong and then they have to kick it back out, it's gonna take them just as much time to
P3: get back to you to fix it. So that makes a lot of sense.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: Okay, veteran's primary phone number
P3: alternate number.
P3: I'm just throwing in some stuff.
P3: -Oh, what did I do wrong?
P3: Okay, I need another number in there. There we go.
P3: There we go.
P3: Okay.
P3: where the Va Medical center. Yeah, that makes sense. So we need to put there.
Moderator: And how would you prefer to search for a Va. Facility here.
P3: Probably city and state.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: cause. Well, a lot of times they don't have them. They just have the clinics. So Houston is pulling in a lot of people from way out. So
P3: if you want me to hit the search button, Nope, I've already put it in there.
P3: So it's asking for a clinic.
Moderator: Yeah. What would you do next.
P3: And for there I would put Michael E. Debakey.
P3: because I'm familiar with that.
P3: and see if that works Houston.
P3: So there it is.
P3: so that lets me know that they've got these other clinics here
P3: and the hospitals right there. I know exactly where that is, so.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: I clicked the hospital
P3: because I'm familiar with, you know. If I'm now. If I was a new person coming into town then I guess that would be an issue for me. But
P3: obviously
P3: If you've been to the Va. Then, you know, that's that's probably where you'd start at.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: Michael E. Debakey, and then, if it's not close to where you live, then it's probably gonna point you to a clinic closest to your address. I guess.
Moderator: could you go back to that page? I wanna ask you a couple more questions.
P3: So that one right here, okay.
Moderator: So let's say you wanted to change the facility that you selected by doing a new search. Could you walk me through? How you do that?
P3: And
P3: well, not going back is not gonna work.
P3: I go back and type it in again
P3: right.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: Well, let me see Houston, Texas. Let me try that.
P3: There we go.
P3: It's right there, so I guess, just putting the City and state in, I was still able to get right back to, even if I didn't know the name of the facility
P3: putting in the city and State brought it right there.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: So.
Moderator: So.
Moderator: what are your thoughts about this facility, selection page? And why did you choose the facility that you did.
P3: As I'm familiar with it. That's the one we use.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: And so
P3: that's familiar.
P3: and it's the closest one to me.
Moderator: Gotcha. So that's the one that the veteran you are a caregiver for is currently using correct.
P3: Yes, yes.
Moderator: Gotcha
Moderator: so on a scale of one to 5. I'm curious. How you would rate the process here of selecting a va facility, one being bad or difficult to do, and 5 being very easy to do.
P3: I think it was very easy to do.
Moderator: So 5.
P3: Yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: you can continue on.
P3: Okay.
Moderator: So what does the term primary caregiver mean to you?
P3: The number one person.
P3: the one that's doing all the work, you know. More likely this, the spouse of the the veteran.
P3: the primary person that or live the one that lives in the house with them. That's doing the majority of at least 90% of the work.
Moderator: Okay, so let's go through a scenario where you want to add a primary caregiver on this application.
Moderator: I want you to go through the next few pages and try to add that and think aloud about your thought process.
P3: Okay.
P3: would you like to apply for benefits for a primary caregiver? Yes.
P3: So enter the primary caregiver's legal name. That's documented with social security
P3: in the middle.
P3: No.
P3: that's the spouse. So
P3: that's a lady.
P3: Oh.
P3: on the calculus
P3: email
P3: relationship to the veteran spouse.
P3: That was very simple.
P3: All of that went, you know. That was very simple.
P3: We recommend providing the
P3: to social security number.
P3: I guess that's a way also to ensure that if you say you're the spouse. Then the Social Security
P3: Information should line up, and they will know that you are really the spouse. So
P3: make up a number
P3: right.
Moderator: Yeah, it might not let you do that one.
P3: Don't let me.
Moderator: 3, 2, 1.
P3: Hmm, 3, 2, 1.
Moderator: 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
P3: 7, 8 9 per month. Okay.
Moderator: Tell you. Yeah, okay, we put that somewhere else. Just change like one number in there doesn't matter which one.
P3: 2, 1, 4. 0, it wants me to change one. Let's go. Will it take a 0?
P3: Yes, it did.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: Okay, the home address is at the same. So yes, that will avoid having to fill all that out. So it picked that up
P3: as a primary caregiver's mailing address, the same as their home address. Yes.
P3: that was all easy.
P3: Primary caregivers, contact information.
P3: primary phone number.
P3: alternate
P3: email.
P3: tutu.com.
P3: That was easy.
Moderator: Okay, so what does a secondary caregiver mean to you?
P3: Secondary caregiver means to me like we have 2 adult sons. And so that would be
P3: my backups, like when I'm respite or
P3: going out of town. So
P3: that's what that would be.
Moderator: Gotcha. And how do you think that the secondary role differs in the application process and the benefits that they get with the primary giver?
Moderator: Primary caregiver.
P3: Hmm!
P3: Well.
P3: I don't. I mean, if they're just a backup, they're just taking my spot when I'm not there.
P3: I don't think
P3: they necessarily need benefits.
P3: they're just, you know, just taking a spot from me.
P3: I don't think I mean they should have
P3: a little bit more information about them.
P3: I don't know if
P3: well, in this case
P3: I don't have to really think about that one. In this case. My son is a
P3: veteran as well.
P3: and so he's in the system as well. So if I put his information in there, it'll pop up, and it's all true, because it would show that
P3: I guess I would.
P3: I would be concerned with. Okay, there are secondary.
P3: Well, I gotta look at it another way. If I died.
P3: that secondary is going to have to take that, take my spot. So they need this information
P3: and they need it available in the event that this happens right away. I get in a car accident or something, and my my veterans at home, and we need to get this in place. Really, quick! There's not enough time to jump in and get a fiduciary
P3: we gotta. We gotta jump on this. So we have this already in the system.
P3: Then that makes sense. So if that's the route that they're looking at, then yes, they need the information, and then I guess you would have to
P3: contact this secondary person and say, Hey, are you willing to be a secondary
P3: caregiver for my spouse in the event of
P3: my death, or I'm not able to care for him?
P3: And this is what the Va. Will need. They're gonna need some personal information. Are you comfortable with that? So yes, that makes sense. All of that.
P3: The same things that they needed from me.
P3: Yeah, I think that's necessary.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: so you can go ahead. And as though you are adding a a secondary caregiver.
Moderator: just continue to think aloud as you're going through.
P3: Hey?
P3: Name
P3: happens to be the same as mine, and then that's
P3: It's not a junior senior or anything. So
P3: january one.
P3: No, not 20.
P3: And
P3: let's I'll make him older.
P3: A male.
P3: And the relationship is
P3: his son. So that's all that all looks good.
P3: Okay.
P3: okay.
P3: yeah. They want our numbers again. 3, 2, 1,
P3: 4, 5, 6, 7, 8,
P3: make another different. Number 2. There we go.
Moderator: How would you go about getting that information if you needed it for real.
P3: I have it so it wouldn't be hard for me to do, because that is my son. But if I did not have it like say, for instance, it was a nephew I trusted, or
P3: we didn't have kids, or whatever, or a niece. I would like, I said, before I got to this point of the
P3: application, I would contact them
P3: and find out if they were comfortable with giving that information to me or
P3: would it be okay. I mean, I'd have to be pretty
P3: close to this person
P3: for them to take on the role that I would have been doing for however long, so I would assume that they would be very comfortable in giving that to me
P3: so, or either I would already have it.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Keep going.
P3: And
P3: so that's a different address. So let's
P3: Nope. That's not right.
P3: No, that's right. That's right.
P3: That's what I did last time
P3: Cherry Street.
Moderator: So you just know this off the top of your head.
P3: No, I'm making this up.
Moderator: If you had to enter it for real. How would you get that information.
P3: Oh, if I had to get this information if right now it's my son. So I have that available to me. I just pull out my trusty phone
P3: and pull up
P3: my contacts and and type it in
P3: and like. I said I would more likely, if this is the person that we were going to be using
P3: then I would already have this information. Anyway, they would have to be pretty close to me to be able to pass that information
P3: or to pass that
P3: role to them.
P3: And that's the county again.
P3: Nope, it's not the same. Wait, let me see, is secondary caregivers mailing address, the same as their home address. Yes, it is.
Moderator: What did you think it said? Initially.
P3: If they're what did I think it said?
P3: If their mailing address was the same as mine.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: Because I'm I'm looking at it. That's my son. So
P3: you know, he could have been living with me, and it wasn't so
P3: as primary number
P3: secondaries like a cell
P3: and his email address.
P3: I would more likely have that as well.
P3: But if not.
P3: I should, especially with technology.
P3: I would have it, because I'd be communicating with him back and forth.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: Yeah, yeah.
P3: okay.
Moderator: Okay, so let's go through as though we're adding an additional secondary caregiver as well.
P3: Okay.
P3: so they want another one.
P3: I'd say, Yes.
P3: I can say no. But then, if that certain person is with me, then we go back to the same problem we had before.
P3: so we'd have to add another person
P3: which would be my second son. I have 2 sons, so
P3: then we do the same thing, and I have his information just like
P3: I have the other one. So it's available to me.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: Automatic.
P3: That's wrong.
P3: Birthday.
P3: Okay, it's a male.
P3: So
P3: it was pretty
P3: pretty self explanatory. I mean, everything matches
P3: the same thing we were doing. Oh, let's see 1, 2, 3!
P3: That's wrong.
P3: There we go.
Moderator: Getting the hang of this fake social security.
P3: Yeah.
P3: okay.
P3: no.
P3: no. So they're not the same address. So it's asking if he lives with us, which he does not.
P3: So then we put his address.
P3: I'll put him on Peach Street since the other one was on Cherry Street.
P3: Okay.
P3: it's pretty simple most of the time. It's just about reading, and sometimes we get in such a hurry.
P3: which I know I do sometimes that I jump the gun and just don't take the time to, you know.
P3: to read it.
P3: Yeah.
P3: okay.
P3: And that's helpful. With the red.
P3: Pop it up, saying, Hey, you messed up something. Go back and take a look.
P3: Is this additional secondary caregivers mailing address the same as their home address? Yes.
P3: So we want their phone numbers.
P3: And I have their home numbers, or rather their cell phone numbers. And
P3: I have their emails. And I have their work numbers in case of any kind of emergency.
P3: Okay.
P3: okay.
P3: -Oh.
P3: mister. Mr. Number.
Moderator: I think so.
P3: There we go!
Moderator: Okay. If you were filling this out for real, do you think that you would want to sit down and complete this form with those.
Moderator: you know with your sons, or would you do it yourself, like you just did.
P3: If I didn't have their information well, 1st of all, I would talk to them and tell them that this is what I was gonna do
P3: prior to getting started, because I want to know how they feel about it. And if they're comfortable with it.
Moderator: Oh!
P3: If I got in the middle of the application and saw that I'd stop.
P3: and then I would call them
P3: cause I obviously I wouldn't have known prior to that.
P3: that I had to get to those steps, so I would probably stop the process and call them and and talk to them about it and see if it's okay.
P3: Make sure they're comfortable with it.
Moderator: Gotcha. Okay?
Moderator: You can keep going through the next pages.
P3: Now we've guide you through the steps to review and sign this application. First, st we need you to know. We need to know if the veteran will sign this application.
P3: or a representative will sign it. Representative must have legal authority to make decisions on behalf of the veteran.
P3: or must have authority to fill out this application on behalf of the veteran you select that you're the veteran's representative will ask you to upload a document that proves that you have this authority.
P3: Okay? So if I get to this point, and I'm like, I just don't feel like digging that out.
P3: and I'll go in there and say, Hey, baby, my husband is a is a blind veteran, so he's legally blind, so I'll I'll tell him what it is I'm doing. And I was like, Hey, I need you to sign this. I'm filling this out.
P3: I need you to sign it, and I'll just go ahead on the lazy side of it, and to have him to do it.
P3: But if he was not having a good day, not feeling good, not
P3: really coherent, or whatever, then I would pull out the power of attorney which I've done in the past. It's already in my computer. So all I would need to do is go in and download that power of attorney.
P3: I am also his fiduciary, which is already in the files at the Va.
P3: So they have that information. So I would probably just go ahead and
P3: and do it that way, based on what my feelings were at that moment.
P3: So
P3: so I can say I'm a representative
P3: and sign it on his behalf, or
P3: I'll go in there and tell him, can you sign this
P3: and he'll sign it so which one you prefer.
Moderator: Whichever you think you would do realistically.
P3: Well, I would probably ask him first, st and you know he's usually with me. We're together the majority of the time, so
P3: he would probably be the one signing it.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: Okay? So it's reviewing the application, making sure that everything looks good. There's a veterans information.
P3: So that's his name. That's correct his birthday. And actually he is a
P3: senior, so I would look at that and say, Oh, I forgot to put the his suffix in there, because he's junior is a veteran as well.
P3: so I'll go back down here and put Senior
P3: and upload that page. And there it is. So we're good with that. So Security looks, good
P3: address looks good
P3: phone numbers look good. The email that's correct.
P3: It's showing the clinic that he plans to get his health care at. That's correct.
P3: So then we'll go down here to the next section.
P3: Apply for the applying for that primary caregiver. That's correct.
P3: the primary. That's me.
P3: My birthday, the female. I'm the spouse. Correct social security number address.
P3: It's the same as a veteran is correct. That's the correct address.
P3: And yes, it's the same
P3: mailing at home
P3: phone numbers look good.
P3: and then we'll go. Look at the secondary
P3: applying for the caregiver. Yes, and there's the name is correct.
P3: Birthday sign, mail social security
P3: address. Everything looks good, same as the home. Yes.
P3: phone numbers every look, everything looks good. And then we're adding another.
P3: Yes.
P3: everything looks good. Their name.
P3: birthday. Male son, social security number, address and mailing address in the Home is the same
P3: phone numbers and email.
P3: That's it. And then
P3: application and saying that he's the veteran. My husband is the one that's gonna be signing it.
P3: And then we get here. I certified that the individual named in this application involved in my care
P3: and consent to, and I would read this to my husband because he's legally blind. I would read this to him so he'd know exactly what it was he was signing.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: I consent to sharing information necessary to their involvement in my healthcare payment related to such health care or as needed for notification process. And so
P3: right there I would have him sign da da da da. Do I need to sign? Type his name in.
Moderator: Yep, let's go as though you were actually trying to complete the application.
P3: Okay?
P3: And then, of course, you have to. What did I do wrong?
P3: Oh, I didn't fill out his middle name.
P3: Okay?
P3: And then certify. That is correct, Armstead, Joseph Chambers, senior.
P3: Oh, it wants every single dot and tittle. I see
P3: it wanted. It wanted everything.
P3: Okay. So then, of course, checking to ensure that what we just sign is true
P3: to the best of our knowledge.
P3: Okay.
P3: And then it wants the all of our signatures. So then.
P3: oh, my goodness!
P3: I think I put my my exact name. I'm not sure
P3: we shall find out.
P3: So far, so good. So that's correct.
P3: So it wants everybody's
P3: name and certification, saying that what you just put on there is correct.
Moderator: Yeah. And what's your comfort level with filling out and signing this information with all of the without all of those people involved present with you.
P3: For me. I'm very comfortable with it, because they're my sons.
P3: And I'm very
P3: You know, I'm aware all the information that I put in there. I put it in there, and I'm very comfortable with
P3: assigning their names because they've already given me their approval prior to.
P3: So I'm okay with that now. If it was someone else, then I probably would.
P3: If they weren't in front of me, I would probably take a screenshot of what I just did.
P3: and send it to them and have them take a look at it and say, Hey, I need to sign your name here, or I need to
P3: put your name in this spot, and I just wanna make sure that you understand what it is that I'm doing.
P3: So
P3: I think I put his name correct, too.
P3: Yes.
P3: so we've done that. And then I always read the note before I hit that submit.
P3: So, according to the Federal law, there are criminal penalties involved in fine or imprisonment up to 5 years
P3: for withholding information providing incorrect information. So
P3: I don't play with the government.
P3: Okay, so that.
Moderator: Since we're in our testing site.
P3: Yes.
Moderator: That's just what it's gonna do. You can stop sharing your screen now. I'm gonna share the next page that would come up if it if we were back inside, and it was working.
P3: So I can close that out. I stopped the share. So I close that.
Moderator: That's perfect.
P3: I don't wanna leave. Stay.
Moderator: And then I'll confirm that you can see it. Okay, I mean it.
Moderator: Well, that's a lot.
Moderator: Can you read the the page that I'm sharing.
P3: Yes, yes, I can.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: So could you describe to me in your own words what this page is telling you and what comes next in the process.
P3: Okay, it's basically letting me know that they did receive the application that I just filled out. It was successfully received.
P3: And they should, they'll contact me
P3: and let me know what's happening in the process.
P3: And they want me to print that page. So I'll have you know, proof that this did go through.
P3: So in the event, something comes up and they say, Well, we don't have any application, and by printing that page just shows proof that. Yes.
P3: this is what I have that they did us receive it.
P3: And then it's telling me what to expect. Someone from the care team would reach out to me.
P3: Oh.
P3: like! Can I see who this is? Hang on a second? Let me make sure this is.
Moderator: Bye.
P3: Well, I'm
P3: Hello.
P3: Hello!
P3: Okay, that would be a telemarketer.
P3: So
P3: so pretty much just kind of you know, letting me know that that someone would reach out to me once they receive that application, I should expect to hear from someone.
P3: Did I lose my
P3: when I did? When it did that? Did I lose my
P3: I think I did
P3: the share screen I think we lost. Did we.
Moderator: Oh, do you see it still?
Moderator: I'm scrolling through it.
P3: Is it? Which? Which? What is? What is it saying?
Moderator: It says.
P3: I think I lost it.
Moderator: I can. I'll cancel it and share again.
P3: Okay, I think I lost it. Yeah.
Moderator: Pop up!
Moderator: Do you see it now?
P3: Yes, I do. So it's it's it's letting me know that someone's gonna reach out.
P3: The the care team will reach out to me.
P3: and
P3: discuss the application.
P3: See the confirmation. I should receive a confirmation in about 24h, and make sure I check that junk, mail, and spam.
P3: And if I don't get an email.
P3: they'll reach out.
P3: contact me by phone or mail.
P3: If I have any questions. There's the phone number
P3: and then, if it's denied, that's that's what I got, you know I did hear somebody. And then I received that denial thing there.
P3: So yes.
P3: and then it explains to you what's going on. So.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: That makes sense.
Moderator: Is there anything else that you would have liked to see here.
P3: No, I think it. I think it. It gives enough information. They receive the application.
P3: I should get something in my email pretty much saying we got your application
P3: and that someone will reach out to me
P3: from the caregivers program
P3: and kind of give me a heads up. It's gonna say, either, you know, we did get your information. It's gonna let me know if what I'm applying for was approved or not approved.
P3: And then
P3: kind of go from there. So I think everything.
P3: It it tells everything you need to know. At that point.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much for that feedback. I'm gonna stop sharing my screen now, and I just have some
Moderator: some couple of wrap up questions for you.
Moderator: so what research would you do before applying and completing a form like this?
P3: I would probably go onto the va.gov and type in
P3: caregivers program
P3: or I would type in caregiver stipend, which is what I did. That's how I started it.
P3: cause I didn't. I didn't even know about the caregivers program prior to the stipend.
P3: I was trying trying to get the stipend and and found out about the caregivers program.
P3: So I would type in caregivers program or a stipend or whatever, and then started doing my research, and from there it led me to the application
P3: and from there I filled it out. And just like I did, there went right through this the process submitted it. Someone did reach out to me actually, pretty quick.
P3: And we went from there. So then, when the denial letter came in. I reached out to them, and that's where they explained to me why it was denied.
P3: And so
P3: yeah, it was. It was pretty pretty simple, and she's like, well, that's just not a denial. You don't. You're not. You're not denied from being a caregiver as part of the program. And then that's when I was able to get into the program. So.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: I thought it was just right. I thought it was just a you know. You denied, that's it. But it wasn't.
P3: It just was dealing with the funds.
Moderator: Okay, did you have to take any additional steps after that, to apply again.
P3: No.
P3: they just explained to me I was part of the general
P3: they they explained to me about the general side of it, and that I I rated being on the general side of it, and they just pretty much just kind of, I guess, transferred me over to that side of it.
P3: and we went from there.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: gotcha
Moderator: so what were your thoughts about the amount of information that was provided in this form? Did you think it was too much, too little or just enough information.
P3: I think it was enough confirmation.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: is there any additional information about who qualifies to be a primary and secondary caregiver that you would like to see in this form.
P3: Excuse me, that is, that's my mom's
Moderator: Okay.
P3: Excuse me.
Moderator: Go ahead! Take your time.
P3: Hello.
P3: yes, yes, ma'am.
P3: right? Right? Let me give you my sister's phone number cause that's exactly where she is and she's the one. I think I gave you the number earlier, did I?
P3: Okay, that's Jackie, can you please? Yes, give Jackie a call, because she would be the one that's going to be bringing her.
P3: Well, no, she lives in perilion also. But Pasadena is not that far?
P3: Okay, thank you, Susie.
P3: Bye-bye.
P3: Sorry about that. Thank you.
Moderator: No worries at all. I'm glad you got.
P3: Okay. So where were we?
Moderator: We're almost done actually
Moderator: I was just curious if there was any additional information about who qualifies to be a primary and a secondary caregiver that you would like to see in the form today.
P3: Yeah, I I think it's very
P3: I guess it's it's really almost up to the the primary.
P3: If they're the primary, I think they really need to do their research
P3: before they go
P3: putting second and 3rd people in. Because,
P3: you know, you want to watch out for the veteran.
P3: especially when they're not able to do things for themselves. And you have somebody that steps in. And now they're in control of their funds. And and all these different things.
P3: That's always a little nervous thing for me.
P3: because this veteran could be a person that's got a you know, mental
P3: issues. Ptsd.
P3: my husband's a blind veteran. And so you you gotta they've got to be really trustworthy.
P3: I would almost even say, you know, almost to the point of of putting them in a role of a fiduciary.
P3: Well, I mean, I had to go through it, and I'm his spouse.
P3: So
P3: I thought that was kind of you know.
P3: overboard, but when I looked at it
P3: I thought it was really good, because, you know, not all spouses are spouses. They're spouses, but they're not, you know.
P3: They're not really looking out for the for the veteran, and so I think it's to me
P3: a 3rd and
P3: you know, not the primary, but the second and 3, rd I think they need to be vetted a little bit
P3: better.
P3: Oh.
P3: just to protect that veteran.
P3: that's that's all. That's my opinion.
P3: just just to make sure that they're cared for, because
P3: even with the children you still have some that you know, they're they're children. But
P3: you know they're just not.
P3: They're not doing what they're supposed to do for the veterans. So I think the if if you go that far, it needs to be
P3: a little bit more deeper.
Moderator: Okay.
P3: Make sure they're not a make sure they're not a criminal, and all that kind of stuff, and you know they're not financially taking advantage of the veteran.
Moderator: Okay. And who do you expect to do that vetting.
P3: I guess you know what? That's a good question.
P3: well, I've
P3: since it's something that the Va. Would need, because well, it really would fall back on the person. Because you're the person that's saying, if it's me okay, I'm the primary.
P3: And I'm saying I need to know and trust that this next person that's gonna take my spot
P3: is going to do what I need them to do. So that's my responsibility. That's on me. Because that's that's my family.
P3: So then I think it's up to me.
P3: I would just need to know, okay, where do I need to go? Is there something that they say, Okay, you need to vet this person, and then I click a number. I click up
P3: a window that says.
P3: This is who you contact to get this person vetted, I would need to know how to do it.
P3: So I'll know what I need to do.
P3: Okay. So I mean, if you're gonna I mean, if you if somebody's getting a gun, they won't fingerprints. They want your life history. They want to know, you know, they want to know everything. So I think that's just as important, you know. So
P3: you know. Yes, I would be the responsible person to do it. I just need to know how to go about it.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: where would you look for that information?
P3: Up.
P3: I don't know.
P3: I probably would go back to. There's gotta be
P3: Well, I would. I guess I would ask the Va. To give me some assistance in it, like, Hey, the Va. Is like
P3: Do you have? Do you have a way for me? To what is it that you want from me for this for this person
P3: that I'm gonna use as my second and 3, rd to ensure that my this veteran is cared for. So what is the criteria from your policy
P3: that I would need to do this? And if they say, Well, we need this, this and this, and I would say, Well, hey, who do? I need to go to? So I would, I guess, start with the Va.
P3: Because they're the ones that need this information there is protecting their their veteran as well.
P3: So I would need to know where I need to go, you know. Do you want me to go
P3: here. Do you want me to go here and kind of give me some some guidance in it, so I would still go back to the Va. For that. I would do the work. They're gonna make me do the work, because that's what I'm supposed to do.
P3: But I would need some direction. And where should I go to get this information.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: thank you. That's really helpful.
P3: You're welcome.
Moderator: Alright. Well, that is all the questions that I had for you today. I just wanna circle back and reconfirm. Are you comfortable? If we were to share a video clip of this session with our Va partners removing any identifying information.
P3: Yes, I'm comfortable.
Moderator: Okay, is there any part of our discussion that you would not want shared in a video clip.
P3: No.
P3: Okay.
Moderator: Good to know. Do you have any questions for me?
P3: Nope.
Moderator: Alright. We really appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts with us today, Leila. This feedback is really helpful, so we can continue
Moderator: to work on this site and make sure that it is really working for veterans and caregivers.
Moderator: Lastly, Perigan, is the company that sent you the invite for this session. They'll be sending you a thank you. Note with a little blurb, that you can pass along to other veterans and caregivers. If you know people who may want to participate in research studies like this.
P3: Awesome. Okay. Sure. Will.
Moderator: Great. Well, thank you so much again, and hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
P3: Thank you. You're welcome.
Moderator: Alright, bye.
P3: Bye.